Nature and that is what we meditate with. Then to start all this, to start this meditation,
there is always, in every grade there is practice in realization of beings, the Buddha. Everyone
says start with the beautiful intention, thoughts, and that we always talk, and you all know.
This talking is just a reminder, we all remind each other, and that is the principle purpose
of the Sangha members, to remind each other, and that is known as bodhicata. Bodhicata,
in love and kindness could be taught, joy and appreciation. And also see all this dreaming,
magic, gathering, triggering, and then practicing, it's like dreaming. It's not also going to
forever stay forever like this. Well, the dream is here, and you can like, calculate
all beautiful dreams, joy and appreciation to each other. The passion, all those beautiful
qualities we need, with those beautiful intentions we thought, and then meditate. This beautiful
intention is the ornament of the rupa, ornament of the awareness, ornament of the true nature,
or ornament of the beauty of the divine of the Buddha. So, when we put love and kindness
in our heart, we are tracing up, in a way, we are putting our ornaments, we are opening
our, what's called, closet. Closet, our jewel box, box, and putting up those things. And
which is beauty of the rupa? Richness, call it, luxuries of the Buddha. And it's un-separable
qualities of the richness of the rupa, those things. And with those qualities, and then
we meditate, practices. And also, we dedicate, which again, once again, bring up this beautiful
thought, intention, to ours, our family members, to all the beings, really, we sincerely put
the heart and mind, that is again, power of the, or expressing the power of this divine,
and also sharing your beauties to the others. Others are wishing the same thing. And that,
and we do this, really, that's what all, every, those great masters of the Buddha say. Then
we're doing one-foot practices. That's what, that is the exact highway, this, all these
ancient great masters, each, through that way, therefore, that's what it is.